what's up everybody Brennan Hufford here
welcome to day 31 of 100 days of SEO
this is SEO mashup Monday let's get into
it alright so I am looking super beardy
I am so nervous that we're only in the
30s and there's still 70 more days of
SEO for this thing to grow out this is
gonna get out of control so if you're
new here every single Monday we
highlight some of the best content
around the internet and today is no
different the links will be below
whether you're watching this video on
YouTube listening to the podcast or
reading this at 100 days of seo.com
everything is it below so today to kick
things off we're over on the
unemployable blog with an article by Kat
Ambrose about how to create an ultra
productive home office as you like this
is my home office where I'm filming this
right now I still got my sit at my
church clothes on in a Mario bracelet
that my son gave me but we're in my home
office so being ultra productive here is
really important to me speaking of
unemployable the founder of unemployable
Brian Clarke has a really cool
newsletter for Gen X called further now
I'm not a member of Gen X I'm
technically a like the Gandalf of
Millennials I was born in 1984 which
makes me one of the oldest Millennials
but I absolutely love getting this
newsletter so for example in the last
issue there's an article by Trudi Roth
that really laid out why Fitness is the
key to happiness not money and all of
these studies and examples and really if
money can't buy happiness Fitness is how
you earn happiness and as somebody who
struggled with Fitness on and off
forever but it's still super passionate
about it and probably always will be
this really was valuable for me also
this past week I found a great video
from siege media about how to create
content in boring industries this is the
number one thing that I think people
struggle with when they get clients is
like my client is in Sainik welding how
am I gonna create content for this this
video in the blog post accompanying it
by siege media is perfect for you and
speaking of that this actually blends
perfectly into our next piece of content
in this week's SEO mashup Monday it's
not even really SEO but it's just so
good on this great video by Cody whiner
about creating vlog style videos for
your business
now here's why this video is perfect
what's up you wonderful people there's
two reasons you should be watching this
video right now maybe three first one is
you're a business and you're thinking
about incorporating vlog style video
into your kind of marketing strategy
into your customer loyalty strategy
because in the description Kody lays out
25 different types of videos you can
create that are vlog style for your
businesses based on a talk that he gave
it's social media marketing world and I
think these examples are perfect so at
least if you're not gonna watch a little
video check it out for the description
below but I really think you should I
also think you should subscribe to
Kody's channel cuz I'm a big fan of his
and I'm also a big believer that vlogs
style video will not only help you
acquire new customers but will also
deepen the relationship you have with
existing customers and clients and
finally just trying to go rapid-fire
through everything this week we kick off
the 30 day one ranking away challenge as
a part of 100 days of SEO I know the
biggest thing when it comes to SEO is
not just knowledge right I need to know
the steps that I need to take but I need
to know what the next step is all the
time in this 30-day challenge the one
ranking the way challenge will help you
do two things you can go over to 100
days of SEO comm and right on the
homepage right at the top you can sign
up for this 30 day challenge and what
its gonna happen is over the next 30
days you're gonna see that you are only
one ranking away from just unlocking the
key to SEO and here's what I mean by
that I'm a firm believer that we are all
one homepage ranking away one article
ranking away from seeing the true power
of SEO that's that hockey stick growth
that you see where people finally
understand the power of SEO they see
that it works they see that it's a skill
in a formula that they can learn as long
as they just follow the right steps and
learn from somebody who does this every
single day because what's gonna happen
in those challenges you're gonna
discover that you're going to discover
the power of just getting that one
ranking and that one little trickle of
traffic then all of a sudden helps you
blow up and all of a sudden you're
creating more content and getting more
rankings on your homepage and for most
businesses most small businesses
you are one homepage ranking away from
just a continuous pipeline of new
clients new leads new custom
the same thing for articles the entire
goal of this challenge is to help you
get there
to help build a foundation that you can
replicate again and again and again over
and over and continue to build up your
website into a pipeline of new clients
new customers and at the very least new
leads so again you can check out the 1
ranking away challenge it's a 30 day
email course it'll just come in your
inbox it's totally free over at 100 days
of seo.com I've been Brennan Huffer
don't forget to work hard be nice people
and don't get too lost trying to create
something that matters hey real quick
before we go I want to thank flywheel
for sponsoring this episode of 100 days
of SEO if you're looking for the world's
best WordPress host I'm not just saying
that I still pay them every single month
for my WordPress I was saying all of my
most important sites are on flywheel in
fact I have a couple videos that are
linked in the description below that
show you how to register your domain and
set up a site on flywheel in just five
minutes and also another video about why
hosting matters for SEO you can check
both of those out in the description
below and go to 100 days of seo.com
slash flywheel to check them out as well
and if you need really high-quality show
notes like the ones you see at 100 days
of seo.com for your podcast or for your
videos go to pot Reacher dot-com and
check them out as well I've been Brendon
humper don't forget to work hard be nice
people and don't get too lost trying to
create something that matters
[Music]